‐(baby wails)
‐(knife scrapes)
♪ ♪
MOUNDS:
I'm very sorry.
I know these aren't the results
we're hoping for,
but we're at five cycles now,
and five IVFs is
traditionally the cut‐off.
You mean we shouldn't try again?
I'm saying we're at a point
where we should consider
some other options.
‐You mean adoption?
‐Yes.
Also surrogacy.
I want to be pregnant.
I know it shouldn't matter,
but it... it does.
I want to feel our baby
growing inside me.
I want to count the days
until we meet him or her
or them, together.
We'll keep trying, babe.
We can, right?
Of course. Uh, I just
want you to be prepared.
The likelihood of success
decreases with each round
while the cost increases.
I don't care about the cost.
It's my money,
and I want to try again.
MOUNDS:
Okay. We'll start again
in eight weeks.
MATT:
Okay. I'll go get the car.
And I'm serious, all right?
We'll keep trying as long as you
want until it happens for us,
even if it means
we hit every fertility clinic
in Beverly Hills, all right?
‐Okay.
‐I'll see you out front.
He's a keeper.
‐Nice guy and hot.
‐Yeah.
I kind of hit the jackpot.
Never thought it'd be so hard
to become what I tried so hard
to avoid during high school.
Anyway, we need
to set up another appointment
two months from now.
Look, I've watched you go
through this for two years now,
and I feel for you.
I cannot imagine
how hard it must be.
Tell me that I'm way
out of line,
but I want
to show you something.
Sure.
It's a fertility totem.
It's very old.
Sumerian or Babylonian.
But either way,
you place it under your bed
during intimacy,
and as strange as it may sound,
you get a baby.
Yeah, I know
what you're thinking,
but all I can say is
that it's been in my family
for a very long time.
It's the reason I'm here,
or so I've been told
all my life.
I appreciate the thought,
but I can't take this from you.
Sure you can.
I'm not the baby type,
so it's completely wasted on me.
I promise you it works.
You can keep it
as long as you'd like.
I'd rather it be with someone
who really needs it.
We've tried everything else.
I guess a little magic
couldn't hurt.
Thanks.
(loud, crashing thunder)
Crazy.
You say something?
I finally got an audition‐‐
first one in two weeks‐‐
and my character
actually has a name.
It's not "Drunk Guy"
or "Second Police Officer."
I love you even
if you're Third Police Officer.
Before you know it, you won't
have to read for anyone.
It's gonna happen
for you, babe.
It better,
or people are gonna think
I married you for your money,
'cause not a lot of Second
Police Officers live like this.
I'd brag, but all I did
was inherit it.
Granddad did all the work.
Look, I don't want
to sound like a broken record,
but I'm serious
about what I said today.
You stuck with me
with this acting thing,
and I'm gonna stick
with you for the baby.
Whatever you want.
Right now,
I only want one thing.
(loud thunderclaps)
(eerie voice echoing)
(Liv moans in pleasure)
(thunder rumbling)
(panting)
(moaning)
(Liv moans loudly)
♪ ♪
‐(Brahms' Lullaby plays on toy)
‐(baby crying loudly)
(crying)
I gave him gripe water
ten minutes ago.
Maybe you ate something spicy?
I didn't eat anything, Norma.
‐(baby crying)
‐I'm okay.
You can go.
‐When is Mr. Matt coming home?
‐I don't know.
He's shooting tonight‐‐ NCIS.
Ah. That's my mother's
favorite show.
I'll have her look for him.
‐Tell her not to blink.
‐(baby crying)
You're not being
gentle enough. Let me.
‐Oh. (speaking Spanish)
‐(baby stops crying)
(speaking Spanish)
(singing in Spanish)
It's like I don't know how
to operate my own baby.
Mrs. Liv, this takes time.
What if it doesn't?
It's like he doesn't even
want to be around me,
like I'm not his mother.
Don't say that.
‐Why did I do this?
‐(baby crying)
It was such a fucking mistake!
(static and whooshing
on baby monitor)
(soft exhale)
(static continues)
(eerie whooshing)
(eerie exhale,
whispering voices)
Forgot about you.
Thanks for everything,
you little shit.
(door creaks)
Should have just
thrown you in the trash.
‐(screams)
‐Jesus. Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I was being quiet
in case he was sleeping.
(quietly):
What the hell, Matt?
Are you trying to kill me?
Well, they asked me
to keep it on
'cause it takes forever
to apply, and
I got to report back
to set in two hours
to do the big coroner scene.
So why'd you come
all the way home?
Well, Norma called me,
and she wanted me
‐to check in on you.
‐That woman.
If she's not barking orders
at me, she's spying on me.
It's like living with my mom,
only we have to fucking pay her.
Look, she's worried
about you, and so am I.
If you were so worried,
you wouldn't disappear all night
just to play a corpse
on a table.
That's a little harsh.
Aren't you supposed
to leave that on?
Fuck. I'm super uncomfortable.
Look, babe, I know
the timing's not great,
all right, but it's network, and
it could lead to other things.
And I don't want
to be that guy‐‐
the one that lives
off his wife's money.
All right? I want to contribute.
I just wish I didn't
feel like this all the time.
Like I'm... losing it.
Yesterday, I was watching
an Expedia commercial
about parents,
and I cried for over an hour.
All I've ever wanted
to do is be a mom,
and I fucking suck at it.
Hey, hey, no, you don't.
And what's worse‐‐
for two years, I complained
about not having a baby,
and now, all I do is complain
about having one.
How can you stand to be with me?
Baby, listen to me.
A year ago, I had
a very hot night of sex,
all right, and then my job
was pretty much done.
Right? You grew
a human being inside of you.
Your body went through hell,
and everything that I know
from that What to Expect book
that you made me read,
everything you're experiencing
is completely normal.
Just don't call it
the "baby blues," okay?
It's more like...
baby hell.
Call it whatever you want,
okay, but...
(sighs)
You should...
talk to someone.
I'm not seeing
a therapist, Matt.
She's not a therapist.
She's an M. D. in hormone
and postpartum disorders.
‐Who told you about this woman?
‐My agent.
‐(scoffs)
‐His wife had postpartum,
and this doctor really
helped them out.
So you're officially
diagnosing me now?
Look, just consider it.
Okay?
That's‐that's all I'm asking.
(soft static over baby monitor)
(baby crying)
LIV: Please, God,
don't do this to me.
I just got to bed.
‐(crying softly)
‐ (sighs)
(baby crying)
(static, whooshing)
(door creaks)
(baby cooing)
(eerie whispering)
‐(growling)
‐(Liv gasps)
‐(soft thudding)
(gasps)
(static)
(high‐pitched tone)
(gasps)
(baby crying)
BERGER:
Oh, that's a scary one.
That hour, having just woken up,
you can see anything
in those baby monitors.
When I had my first,
I swear I saw him
climbing out of the crib
and up the curtains.
‐(soft chuckle)
‐But he hadn't moved.
I'll admit, it's really nice
talking to someone
who's been through this.
Sure. What else?
I don't think it's a question
I should even ask.
I feel crazy
just thinking about it.
I can't make a full diagnosis
unless I know
what's going on in your mind.
Is it possible for a baby
to hate its mother?
You think your baby hates you?
He'll be crying for hours,
and no matter what I do,
I can't get him to settle down.
But then Norma or my husband
holds him for a few seconds,
and he falls asleep instantly.
I think you're talking
about the pickle jar syndrome.
I don't know that one.
You spent two hours
loosening the pickle jar,
and then Norma
and your husband step in
and pop it right open.
‐You see what I mean?
‐Yeah, but it's more.
It's a feeling I get from him.
He's tired
and stressed out, like you.
Maybe even because of you.
Babies can pick up
on stress, you know,
which is maybe why
he's even so fussy.
But to answer you,
no, a baby cannot
hate its mother.
Okay.
But it's not crazy
to sometimes get that feeling.
Do you have anyone
helping you at night?
My husband's on a shoot.
‐What about a night nurse?
‐I don't want
anyone else raising my baby.
I can barely deal
with my housekeeper.
Just for a few weeks
until you find some balance,
until your hormones level out.
I'm sorry, Dr. Berger, but no.
And I don't want
any pills, either.
We don't have to jump
into any medications
‐if you don't want to.
‐Okay.
We can just start off
with some strategies
to help you and your baby.
‐Okay.
‐Now, some might seem
a little new agey.
But that doesn't mean
they don't work.
Okay.
Hey, Aaron. (gasps)
You like that?
‐(Aaron babbling)
‐Oh, that's a nice temperature.
It's very cozy in here. (gasps)
You like your little baby spa,
don't you?
(laughing):
Yeah.
Oh, ready?
I'll get your shoulder
and your elbows
and then your other shoulder
and your other elbow.
What do you think about it?
Oh, yeah.
‐(Aaron babbles)
‐(gasps)
(Liv speaks baby talk)
It's fun in here. (gasps)
Yeah. Oh.
(laughs)
Shh. Shh, shh, shh.
Shh, shh...
Shh. Shh, shh, shh. Shh.
(static)
‐Hey.
‐Listen.
‐(static)
I... I‐I don't...
I don't hear anything.
Exactly. Those detox baths
Berger recommended
are making all the difference.
And the podcast she turned me
onto‐‐ Soothing Waves‐‐
it's like heaven with earbuds,
total decompression.
‐That's great, hon, but I, um...
‐Mm‐hmm.
I got to run. I want to get
some coffee before my audition.
I already made you one.
What?
Oh. That is so sweet, baby.
I... I don't know what to say.
I'm the one who needs
to say something.
Thank you.
Dr. Berger made
all the difference.
Even Norma's impressed.
She didn't try
‐to school me once today.
‐Now, that's a miracle.
‐(laughs)
‐(Aaron cries softly)
‐Um...
‐Don't worry.
I got this. Go on.
‐Okay.
‐Break a leg.
Thank you. Mmm.
‐I love you.
(crying)
You got this, Liv. (laughs)
‐(crying loudly)
‐(lullaby playing on toy)
Shh. Shh.
(lullaby distorting)
(eerie whooshing)
(eerie whispering)
How did you get here?
And why do you look different?
Did you put this
in Aaron's crib?
Why do you have something
like that?
That's my business, Norma.
I just need to know.
(speaking Spanish)
(growling)
‐I can't work here.
‐Where are you going?
(speaks Spanish)
Norma!
(door closes)
(low growling)
(door opens,
light switch clicks)
(metallic creaking)
(hissing,
metallic creaking)
(rhythmic metallic knocking)
(metallic scraping)
(metallic creaking)
(eerie voices chanting)
(screeches)
(panting)
(gasps)
I don't blame Norma
for leaving. I mean,
I wouldn't want to be around
one of these, either.
It looks fucking satanic.
It didn't look like that
when I got it.
I... I‐I don't even know
what to say to that.
I mean, what are you saying‐‐
that it's‐it's changing?
Where'd you get that, anyways?
Just some new age store.
It's just like a talisman,
good luck thing.
It's no big deal.
I just... want to know how
it ended up in Aaron's crib.
Well, I‐I sure as hell
didn't put it there.
I'm not saying you did.
Then what about the basement?
I told you. It seems like a
raccoon got trapped down there.
Those claw marks were huge.
I mean, babe, what are you
actually saying here?
That we have, what, a‐a ghost?
I mean, come on.
I don't know.
Personally, I'm a little
weirded out that you think
this ugly‐ass thing is
responsible for our baby.
And I am very weirded out
that I've had
to sleep over it all this time.
But...
what I think
is actually happening is
that you're just
very, very tired,
and your imagination's
in‐in overdrive.
I... I thought
you were feeling better.
I thought
Berger made a difference.
‐She did.
‐Doesn't sound like it.
I mean, look at you.
I'm getting worried, baby.
(sniffles)
You don't need to be.
Liv...
NCIS wants me back, okay?
There's this flashback episode
for my character.
You know, an actual part,
not just a stand‐in with lines.
And I'll be in scenes
with real actors.
That's great, honey.
Yeah, but we're shooting nights,
and I cannot do it
if you're gonna be freaking out
over raccoons
and weird fucking statues.
Please let me know that we're
not going backwards, all right?
You got to give me a reason
not to worry, please.
I'm okay.
Really.
(gasps)
‐(gasping)
‐(Aaron babbling)
(loud static, whooshing)
(static continues)
(Aaron cries softly)
Oh.
(high‐pitched static)
EERIE MALE VOICE:
I...
(device chirps softly)
(eerie whooshing on monitor)
It's static. It's‐it's like
there's interference
‐or something.
‐That's what I thought at first,
but then I tried something.
(static whirring)
Baby... how long
have you been up
messing around with this?
You were supposed
to be getting some sleep.
Just listen.
This is it sped up five times.
(static)
Hear that?
Listen. Just listen, Matt.
Please.
(static)
(repeating after recording):
"I"... "want"... "him."
"I want him."
(crying):
Don't tell me
those aren't words!
I‐I don't know
what I'm hearing, okay?
I got to try
and get this clearer.
EERIE MALE VOICE:
I...
‐Fuck!
‐...want ...him.
(shuddering breaths)
(static)
Please don't be mad.
I asked her to come over.
Hi, Liv.
Let me listen.
(static)
(quietly):
Just‐just listen again, please.
I don't have to.
I know what isn't there.
‐But it's so clear.
‐Liv,
the human brain has evolved
to find connections.
‐No.
‐Yeah.
"Pareidolia" is what
it's called.
When the mind sees
patterns and faces
in nature, like faces on Mars,
or the Virgin Mary
in a piece of burnt toast.
And there are also
auditory pareidolia,
like when fans hear, "Paul is
a dead man"
in one of the Beatles' songs.
‐So I'm delusional.
‐No. You're human.
You're human.
Your hormones are
on a roller‐coaster ride.
You're stressed out
and sleep‐deprived.
Very few people understand
just how debilitating
the lack of sleep can be.
I don't think
this is about my lack of sleep.
It's exactly
what this is about.
You're not thinking clearly.
The sooner you accept that,
the sooner we can move forward.
I'm prescribing Zoloft,
50 milligrams per day.
(shallow breathing)
RORY:
To Matt‐‐ the first one
of us to make it.
‐Yay.
‐(cheering)
Proud of you, buddy.
All right, that's,
like, the ninth toast.
I think you're just using me
as an excuse to drink.
Ah, just kissing your butt, man,
so you don't forget
about your old college buddies
‐from the film department.
‐Mm.
‐Yeah.
‐Just remember.
The world needs tall,
geek character actors.
And great set decs.
Or editors/sound designers
with their own equipment, hmm?
All right, I think you guys
are getting carried away.
It's only seven lines.
‐All right?
‐Oh, that's it?
‐Oh, wow.
Haven't seen one of these
since I was a kid.
You find this in a flea market?
MATT:
Oh, yeah.
We used to love game nights.
EMMA:
I always wanted to try one,
‐and tonight's
the perfect night for it.
‐Yeah.
I don't think
that's such a good idea.
‐Maybe another time.
‐No. Matt, it's okay.
(sighing)
EMMA:
We call on the spirits.
Speak to us...
we beseech you.
(snorts)
If anyone is there,
please communicate with us.
‐Beseech.
‐(muffled chuckle)
Shut up and focus.
Give us a sign.
MATT:
We've played this
a million times.
It's never worked.
‐Hey.
‐It moved.
All right, who did that?
‐Not me.
‐Me, either.
Don't look at me.
Talk to us.
Who are you?
"J."
"A."
"C."
EMMA:
"Jack." It's a name.
Holy shit.
LIV:
"M."
"E."
"H."
"O."
"F." "F."
"Jack me off."
(laughter)
‐Assholes!
‐MATT: Are you kidding me?
‐(chuckles)
‐If you had any money,
I'd divorce you right now
and take it all.
The look on your faces.
(laughs)
‐STAN: Ha, ha.
‐Ugh.
(sighing)
Whoa. You feel that?
All right, dude.
Come on. We're not...
I‐I'm serious. It moved.
I swear, I'm not doing this.
LIV:
Is someone present?
Is there something
you want to say to us?
"H."
"E."
"I."
LIV:
"S."
"M."
"I."
(Liv gasps softly)
"N."
Fuck.
(Liv crying)
"E."
Fuck.
"He is mine. He...
"He is mine.
He is mine."
‐What‐what does that mean?
‐"He is mine" means Aaron.
Liv, come on. (stammers)
‐Fucking thing out!
‐Oh, what's wrong?
Honey, calm down.
Don't tell me to calm down.
"I want him." "He is mine."
The voices.
The scratches in the cellar.
That thing on the monitor.
There's something in this house,
‐and it's after our son.
‐Hey.
Liv, that's crazy, all right?
Just... please.
There's too much going on, Matt.
It's a demon, and it's real.
And we need to do something
about it now!
MATT:
Liv, where are you going?
‐(thunder rumbling)
‐Liv?
Liv, you embarrassed
the shit out of me!
Hey, come here.
Those are my best friends,
all right?
People I've known since college,
and now they think
you're fucking crazy.
I don't care what they think!
All right, I've fucking had it!
I've been patient
and understanding
and all the things you're
supposed to do when your wife
is having postpartum events, but
I can't fucking do it anymore!
Years of‐of hormones
and‐and IVFs
and doctor appointments,
and now this demon shit!
You have got
to figure your shit out.
Do what you have to do.
Just fucking
figure it out, please.
Fuck you, Matt.
Fuck... you.
‐(Aaron wailing)
‐It's just a little storm.
‐(thunder rumbling)
‐(Aaron crying)
‐(thunderclap)
‐I know.
I know.
‐(growling)
‐(Liv gasps)
‐(Aaron cries)
‐EERIE MALE VOICE: Bitch.
(growling)
You'll never get my baby!
I won't let you!
(engine revs)
(vehicle drives away)
(growling)
This thing‐‐
it gave me a baby.
But now it wants it back.
I don't understand.
It's Ba'al. It's a demon,
and you're going to tell me
how to get rid of it.
BERNADETTE:
It doesn't make any sense.
Ba'al is fertility god.
He isn't a demon.
Well, he's sure as hell
acting like one.
One of these contains
a banishment ritual,
‐but these grimoires...
‐Grim what?
Grimoires. They're compendiums
of black magic.
I only have them
for historical reasons.
They were all written
by old white men
who bought into the whole
anti‐pagan demonic thing.
(bell rings)
Demons taking souls.
It's all church branding,
fairy tale stuff, Hollywood.
Well, maybe you don't know
as much about it as you think.
My parents dabbled
in the sacred arts,
but I have been hardcore
into magic since high school.
Magic‐‐ it saved my life.
I was on drugs,
abusing my body, but paganism‐‐
it opened up
a whole new world for me,
a new universe
that turned everything around.
‐You okay?
‐I'm just tired.
Believe me,
when I gave you that totem,
I was only trying to help.
Just help me now.
(sighs)
Okay.
This is it.
This is the summary
of the ritual.
My husband's on a night shoot.
I could do it tonight.
"A ritual dagger."
I'm gonna want this back, okay?
It was three weeks salary
at a Wiccan convention.
It's consecrated
and really, really old.
Just follow the ritual.
♪ ♪
LIV: Consecro
et benedico
circulum meum.
(Aaron cries)
Effluxisse meo sanguine mala
praesentia corporis et.
(gasps)
(wind whistling)
Sacrificium meum,
loquor ad te,
oro, qui
‐favorem...
‐(growls)
(gasping)
EERIE MALE VOICE: He is mine.
Exaudi preces
‐meas...
‐EERIE MALE VOICE: Meas...
LIV and EERIE MALE VOICE:
...et adiuva me
in tribulatione mea.
Exaudi me Daemonium.
(Aaron crying)
LIV:
Fove Diabole.
‐Fove Diabole!
‐(wind whistling)
Ego diabolis.
EERIE MALE VOICE:
He is mine.
(Liv screams)
(gasps)
‐(grunts)
‐Oh, my God.
No!
(door opens)
Hey.
Matt.
(Liv gasping)
I can't stop seeing it.
I can't stop seeing the knife.
I'm so sorry, Matt.
I'm so sorry.
(sniffles)
(Liv sighs)
Come here.
I thought I was gonna lose you.
Hey, don't think about it
anymore, okay?
You weren't thinking straight,
and you didn't mean to do it.
Okay? And it's over,
it's in the past.
How's...
how's Aaron?
He's good.
Honey, listen to me.
You don't have to do this.
You don't have to stay here
all locked up like this.
I almost killed you.
I put Aaron in danger.
I'm not coming home
until Dr. Berger says I can.
Until it's safe.
I signed all the forms.
I hate seeing you
in a place like this.
I don't like it, either,
but I can't leave.
I won't.
Not until I get a handle
on everything.
Okay.
Whatever you need,
I'm here.
I love you.
I love you so much, Matt.
So much.
(sighs)
(Matt grunts)
Aah.
‐Oh, I'm sorry.
‐Fuck. (groans)
That crazy bitch
really fucking got me.
I still can't believe
you let her do it.
Yeah, well,
great actors are committed
to their roles, babe.
‐(clears throat)
‐Does this mean
I can get all that occult shit
out of my apartment now?
Oh, your pagan days are over.
Once my lawyers
get through with her,
she will be committed
indefinitely.
Thank God. That stuff
really creeps me out,
especially those spell books I
got from the spiritualist place.
I'm gonna have to burn sage
and hire a Reiki master
to clean the place out.
Oh. Boo‐hoo. At least
you're not in fucking agony.
‐Oh, cheer up.
‐(groans)
I'm gonna be the best nurse
you've ever had in your life.
(sighs)
Ah, fuck.
‐Yeah!
‐(whooping)
Best damn production
I've ever been a part of.
You all brought your A game.
Cheers to you guys.
ALL:
Cheers.
‐Mmm.
‐If it were a series,
it'd run for eight seasons.
Gaslighters.
Every week,
we drive a new person crazy.
This week,
a school teacher thinks
he's being probed by aliens.
‐Ew.
‐(laughter)
‐Hey, and you, buddy boy,
deserve a special
creative arts Emmy.
‐Well...
‐The baby monitors,
the hidden sound system
for Ba'al, and the raccoon
scratches‐‐ truly inspiring,
beautiful.
Well, nothing inspires
like cold, hard cash.
Ah. Here we thought
you were all about the craft.
Anyone gonna say anything
about the three different totems
I had to carve?
And what about my awesome
‐mist?
‐RORY: Babe, no one
can whip up a ground fog
like you can.
‐Mm‐hmm.
‐At least you didn't have
to wear horns on your head.
Those wings kind of
screwed up my rotator cuffs.
Though, I must admit,
switching out the medicine
probably sealed the deal.
♪ Not coming for me... ♪
What'd you give her, man?
MATT:
A little psychoactive cocktail.
‐My secret recipe.
‐So, now that we've aired,
when do we see residuals?
‐I joined this show
for the back end.
‐EMMA: Mm‐hmm.
Well, legal stuff's
gonna take a few months.
‐Dude.
‐But hey, listen, listen.
When all this is mine,
we are gonna be set for life.
‐Okay?
‐(whoops)
‐RORY: Yeah.
And we are never gonna
have to work again
unless we fucking want to.
‐Yeah!
‐Right?
‐Right? Cheers to that.
‐(cheering, whooping)
‐Come on!
‐(Aaron crying)
Which reminds me,
I got to figure out
the daycare situation,
and you know,
it's never too early
to start thinking
about boarding schools.
‐Ooh, you're cold.
‐Mm‐mm.
I'm an actor in a role
that he never
signed up for, all right?
I mean, I put my body
through hell
to have a low sperm count.
Long hot tubs, tight underwear.
My idea.
‐(laughter)
‐Hmm. You know,
I even fucking took steroids,
but these little fuckers
still swam through.
‐EMMA: Ah.
‐It's... it's ridiculous.
(laughter)
‐(Aaron crying)
‐Okay. Okay, okay.
All right. Shh, shh, shh.
Shh. Shh. Shh.
(sniffing)
Aw, great. An explosion.
Universe hates me.
Oh, my God.
‐Yes. Fill it up! Fill it up!
‐Yeah!
‐Ooh.
‐Okay, okay. Not too much.
There you go. You're the life
of the party, baby.
‐Cheers.
‐♪ Not coming for me... ♪
(music slows, stops)
(music starts in slow‐motion)
♪ Now coming for me... ♪
I took out the speaker system.
‐(song continues)
‐(low growling)
Sure you did.
No, I swear,
I don't know what that is.
(whooshing,
music plays slowly)
‐What's with these lights? Huh?
‐(growling)
Look.
That's not possible.
I took the dry ice machine
back to the rental house.
Come on, you guys. Really?
Show's over. If somebody else
walks in and sees this,
we're screwed.
‐EMMA: I'm not doing this!
‐I told you, it's not me!
(growling)
BA'AL:
You are mine.
‐(whooshing)
‐(Bernadette grunts)
‐No!
‐(whimpering)
(growling)
‐(screaming)
‐(growling)
Oh, shit!
‐Shh, it's okay. Shh.
(distant screaming)
(gasps)
(Ba'al growls)
BERNADETTE:
No...
‐(soft guttural groaning)
‐(growling)
No!
(roaring)
(door closes)
(lock buzzes, latch clicks)
(door opens)
I didn't think you'd come.
LIV:
I don't know why I did.
I shouldn't have.
You're a bastard, Matt.
I told the police everything,
what we did to you.
Why don't you tell me
why you did it?
We're married.
Everything I have is yours.
I didn't want kids, Liv.
I told you that,
but you didn't listen.
After a while, I...
I didn't want you, either.
But you wanted my money.
So what happened?
You didn't want to share it
with your friends?
Did they get greedy?
That's what the police think,
but I‐I didn't kill them.
I know what it looks like, but
I could never do that, Liv.
It was the demon.
Hmm.
It was Ba'al.
He's‐he's real, and‐and
he killed everybody, and he left
me to take the blame for it.
I don't know why.
Wait, wait. Wait, wait. Wait.
Do you think I'm gonna
listen to this...
from you?
It's crazy. I‐I‐I know
it sounds crazy, but it's true.
I saw it with my own eyes.
What he did to Rory and Emma.
And Bernadette.
I need your help.
‐My help?
‐I need money
for an attorney, please.
I don't know
what's more unbelievable‐‐
your story,
or that you really think
I would ever help you.
I will get slaughtered
with a public defender.
'Cause I‐I need... I need
somebody who will fight this,
who could put together
an insanity plea or...
You don't need
an expensive attorney
to prove
that you're crazy, Matt.
As the father of our son.
Aaron doesn't have a father.
Liv!
Hey, don't walk away
from me! Liv!
Liv, don't go back
to the house! Liv, he's real!
He's real! Liv!
(thunder crashing)
It's you and me now.
You and me against the world.
(growling)
BA'AL:
Face me.
I killed them.
Release me.
I guess I owe you that.
It's amazing, isn't it?
That stupid bitch Bernadette.
She thought she gave me
a fake banishing spell. (laughs)
If I hadn't been so crazy
thinking I'd never get
out of that hospital,
I probably wouldn't have
tried it again.
Exaudi preces meas,
et adiuva me
tribulatione meas.
Exaudi me daemonium.
‐(low growl)
‐Exaudi me
daemonium.
(overlapping voices):
Exaudi me daemonium.
LIV:
Exaudi me
daemonium.
(Ba'al growls)
LIV:
But what she didn't realize
is that she gave me
a real life summoning spell.
Release me.
Only on one condition.
You give me another baby.
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH